General information: update UI strings and steps to reflect software (#46290)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_docs/configuration/basic.markdown

---
title: "Home information"
description: "Set the general information about your Home Assistant, such as your home's name, location, time zone, and units of measurement."
related:
  - docs: /integrations/homeassistant/
  - docs: /docs/configuration/
---

As part of the default onboarding process, Home Assistant can detect your location from IP address geolocation. Home Assistant will automatically select a unit system and time zone based on this location. If you didn't adjust this directly during onboarding, you can do it later.

> ## Editing the home information

Reviewer: There are a couple of links to `/docs/configuration/basic/#editing-the-general-settings` in `home-assistant.io/source/_dashboards/map.markdown`. These have to be updated

Author: thx for the catch! :fishing_pole_and_fish:

   - To apply your changes, select **Save**.
3. To change regional settings, go to {% my general title="**Settings** > **System** > **Home information**" %}.
   - Under **Region**, you can change the following parameters:
     - **Time zone**
     - **Elevation above sea level**
     - **Unit system**: select **Metric** or **US customary**.
     - **Currency**
     - **Country**
     - **Language**
   - To apply your changes, select **Save**.
4. To change network-related configuration, such as the network name, go to {% my network title="**Settings** > **System** > **Network**" %}.
5. Troubleshooting: If any of the settings are grayed out and can't be edited, this is because they are defined in the {% term "`configuration.yaml`" %} file.
   - If you prefer editing the settings in the UI, you have to delete these entries from the {% term "`configuration.yaml`" %} file.
   - For more information about the general settings in YAML, refer to the [Home Assistant Core integration documentation](/integrations/homeassistant/).

## Actions related to general home information

> The general settings described here are managed by the [Home Assistant Core integration](/integrations/homeassistant/). If you are interested in the actions offered by this integration, check out the integration documentation.

Author: ```suggestion
The settings described here are managed by the [Home Assistant Core integration](/integrations/homeassistant/). If you are interested in the actions available in the core integration, check out the documentation.
```
